aesthetically striking
but fast and furious
how fast are you welcome to consult doctor gildo
insfrán aboard the mitsubishi lancer
this time we have men of that age for now
not easy
the first thing that catches the attention of this vehicle is it packs five
stars concluded few we have also aerodynamic elements
overturned in the lower part of the vehicle practically its entire perimeter
we have with side air intakes of the parents
to facilitate the counts
and we also have
standards could placed in the back
situation that can limit slightly the difficult
later we find good as part of your equipment or the matter
awoke safe electric demand crystals
we have controls on the steering wheel for the sound equipment we also have
Cruise control speed
i of this millionaire who always differentiates from the person is that we have
a travel computer
they have to investigate color situation that facilitated a lot
or it will be that we are found
in this sense
the snapshot performance bar that changes color depending on whether
we are up or down
said fuel average
Miter of course we have a
this sound equipment with him
It is very nice the performance we have also
the legislators say in the name of freedom
if you congratulate
the textiles
the one covered by those present
minetti if you wonder if it will be enough to cover 20% of
difference between each other that is
between the version of that gps analysis
well we can also better we have a 20% more remote we have a
2-point motor 4 liters
as soon as its displacement with 2 20 percent greater 2 73% very arrogant 14%
more torque
and that it will not mean salts front wheels
according to the controversy between
of celestial team that has programmed six steps that can be operated
of the gear lever
as it said the finding of worms pallets that are behind the
steering wheel
with these characteristics
michel ancel can have acceleration from zero to one hundred kilometers per hour
in question Beijing 12 seconds
yes we try to recover that is to say it does a good order of march from 80 to 120
kilometers per hour we will find figures of seven and a half
seconds
figures that take us away
much of the week version with 2-liter engine
however it is important to say that we find 18-inch wheels and
also percent finding in this my fault
the sport suspension as it marks his technical sheet
emilio very trite entered two local automotive mitsubishi
lancer
of the fcse
Make sense
what do I mean with west of mosul
vehicles with outstanding handling it is important to mention that the
management perception
to the already in itself the sensation that the sentence
to achieve the goal
before the work party
the steering wheel came off
portillo is leaving
easy to go
Well of course you will have an excellent promotion to import how long a
acts that have clues when you get the approval of the tlc vehicle offer
a very nice driving sensation
expired puts the association was initially detected say
coupled with this the outstanding dynamic behavior
of course we have cd
this allowed the palettes behind the wheel that allow us
still make the driving more agile, so we can solve the
Opera vehicle or allow accelerations
jan brewer trained by fao as a button shows and of course the
path allows it
the arrests of this vehicle is one kilometers per hour but good for the
44 meters
flat tolima
case of compostela so far
here we have system followed
the fuel efficiency
for desserts
is very similar to the one we got in the session of this manual with a 2-motor
liters of 10 kilometers per liter is all percent
interestingly, it happens thanks to the fact that this engine is bigger than ever
priest who at all times using fuel efficiency
however it is also important to mention that stanford
2 points 4 liters is much more sensitive to the pressure we exert on the
pedal
have important variations as a forum
therefore we do not accept as controversial after getting rid of
well just because this vehicle is that they allow us
Recovery
there very agile
it is important to say that
skaters rim so to speak skid drift of the current forward to the
moment of acceleration in addition to that of the whole motors company thinking
the protection of the min system
of this mine that is always focused towards where
that's impossible
happy and 'night 10' it is important to mention that the best of this vehicle
its driving is related to the level of adequate equipment without
a proportions inner peace
adequate also in his day
inside the museum a complete basic security thanks to some seats
they hold well
and seven airbags located inside
the best part to the bottom definitely women who have outstanding that
mitsubishi lancer no matter what he presumes we are talking about is control
of stability
mccalebb in Turkey is practically standard in all
vehicles of its own
intervals of three
very good friends this
all this happens a fool of these indigenous peoples in their pdf version
It is worth mentioning that
efe - oxfam
in the comments section for anything that is offered
thanks and see you soon